Tiago
sought space within the guarani area embezzled open
to achieve the
mourning is not
who are interested in participating
This is the date and alligator.
used to it
to cross clarita balls
was served
for an attacker the day the leader remembered
the new long
practically isolated from rolt
such pole profª seul 31 against the cruise
cruise 1 to 10 0
in accordance with the procedure
the opposition denied that the aggressor
karrar
once your side to the other 0
the other
noted above in the states of the Great Northern River each since even the
1 to 0 cruise
is deposing
total maxi traction
montijo and tranquility came from behind assuming tijuca
Typical touch of proof of this I have another device
I said I'm fed up and the Guarani valley is closed
the other would be an extended after cruise
0 for guarani
décio guarari and with a lot of danger mário lúcio played from side drawn team
Dangerously geovani hit the corner
shy and maria gadú and since he had just finished with giovani with the score the team bi
From São Paulo
the celebrated Guarani crowd
2 for cruise crb the bid and
or for guarani giovani dribbled the half hugo
and hit in the left corner of the goalkeeper rafale is the
Guarani's first goal in the game
2 to 1
is the fig tree and adult that the Guarani needed to return to the game
no one better than them there to see and
what better plays well due to the short time to arrive
paulo roberto to the guarani to tie the match
all the same in the arena of the alligator
Paul the squeeze
to support
six cruise players kicked hard
right corner of the goalkeeper rafael to open
in the afternoon
2 to 2 in the alligator arena
move in Guarani area, the ball went there
head turnoff
josé mendes in the script of the fast
the one in the hill got back in front of the board
less than a minute later
binho
winning the helton goalkeeper only
ball forward and not stop
three for the cruise
2 for the Guarani
Christmas, I'm playing Moorish.
the cruise attacking
the ball the goal
the vine
now for real
others will make the fourth goal
created there
taking advantage of crossing
The Cruise Supporter
get back to rest
Opens Two Advantage In The Cruise Cruise Game 4
2 for the Guarani
of the six goals of the match
thiago ribeiro
the ball bounced
meeting
farías in the second beam was marked by the largest souias